The Apollonian Gasket in 3D

The panel on the left holds two kinds of controls:
buttons, and one or two dimensional widgets.

Widgets:
Slide your finger up and down the list to select
the desired widget.  Its legend will turn Green.

Now on the image,
slider your finger to control the widget's parameters.

Double tap on a widget legend to toggle it between
fast and slow editing.  Red graph background = slow.

Buttons:
A button command is performed by selecting the
legend, then releasing your finger.

Note: Double Tap image to toggle display of control panel.
Note: Swipe control panel up/down to move focus.

A. Zoom: affect camera distance from towers
B. minDist: control how closely the distance estimation
   algorithm approaches the objects, effectively the
   image resolution.
C. Multiplier: Drastic effect in the algorithm,
   but nothing compared to
D. Dali: who tears the towers into pieces like
   something Salvador Dali would enjoy.
E. Light XY  control position of Light source
F. Light Z  control position of Light source

G. Collection of lighting effects.
   sMin,Max,Mult and Amt control a Shadow effect.
H. autoChg: auto Change
   automatically cycles all the lighting effects.

Not shown:
    Foam, Foam2, Bend
    experimental variables to trash the classic algorithm

    Fog: distance affects brightness

I. Save/Load: Launch the Save/Load dialog.
K. Reset to sane parameters

L. Stereo: toggles stereo viewing
   Not very exciting on this app; don't know why..
   The image is rendered twice, for 'cross-eyed' 3D viewing.
   With the iPad held two feet away, slightly cross
   your eyes so that there is a third image in the middle.
   Relax your gaze, and concentrate only on that
   middle image, which is in 3D.

M. Move:  two widgets that are always in the lower
   left corner.  The first controls X/Y jogging,
   while the second controls In/Out movement.

N. Rotate: widget always in the lower rigth corner
   of the screen controls (sort of)
   rotation of the image.
